apps/docs/src/stories/components/modal/Modal.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Controls } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as ModalStories from './Modal.stories'
import Alert from '@turistikrota/ui/alert'
import Example from './Modal.example'
import Summary from '@/utils/Summary'

<Meta of={ModalStories} />

# Modal

```jsx
import Modal from '@turistikrota/ui/modal'
```

Modal component is used to display content in a layer above the app.

<Controls of={ModalStories.Playground} />

<Example />

<br />

<Summary title="Show Code">

```jsx
import Button from '@turistikrota/ui/button'
import Modal from '@turistikrota/ui/modal'
import { useState } from 'react'

export default function ModalExample() {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false)
  return (
    <>
      <Modal open={open} onClose={() => setOpen(false)}>
        <Modal.Head>
          <Modal.Head.Title>Modal title</Modal.Head.Title>
          <Modal.Head.Subtitle>Modal subtitle</Modal.Head.Subtitle>
          <Modal.Head.CloseButton title='Close Modal' onClose={() => setOpen(false)} />
        </Modal.Head>
        <Modal.Body>
          <div className='flex flex-col space-y-4'>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
          </div>
        </Modal.Body>
        <Modal.Footer>
          <Button block={false}>The button</Button>
        </Modal.Footer>
      </Modal>
      <Button onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>Open Modal</Button>
    </>
  )
}
```

</Summary>

Commit message:

docs: update modal documentation with animation.css

apps/docs/src/stories/components/modal/Modal.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Controls } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as ModalStories from './Modal.stories'
import Alert from '@turistikrota/ui/alert'
import Example from './Modal.example'
import Summary from '@/utils/Summary'

<Meta of={ModalStories} />

# Modal

```jsx
import Modal from '@turistikrota/ui/modal'
```

Modal component is used to display content in a layer above the app.

You must be import these CSS files to use with best experience this component:

```jsx
import '@turistikrota/ui/assets/animation.css'
```

<Controls of={ModalStories.Playground} />

<Example />

<br />

<Summary title="Show Code">

```jsx
import Button from '@turistikrota/ui/button'
import Modal from '@turistikrota/ui/modal'
import { useState } from 'react'

export default function ModalExample() {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false)
  return (
    <>
      <Modal open={open} onClose={() => setOpen(false)}>
        <Modal.Head>
          <Modal.Head.Title>Modal title</Modal.Head.Title>
          <Modal.Head.Subtitle>Modal subtitle</Modal.Head.Subtitle>
          <Modal.Head.CloseButton title='Close Modal' onClose={() => setOpen(false)} />
        </Modal.Head>
        <Modal.Body>
          <div className='flex flex-col space-y-4'>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
            <span className='text-gray-300'>Hello</span>
          </div>
        </Modal.Body>
        <Modal.Footer>
          <Button block={false}>The button</Button>
        </Modal.Footer>
      </Modal>
      <Button onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>Open Modal</Button>
    </>
  )
}
```

</Summary>
